From the New York Times, I'm Rachel
Abrams and this is The Daily.
For weeks,
protests around Minneapolis have caught
nationwide attention as the city shows
open defiance to a federal immigration
crackdown.
But behind the scenes, a quieter
organized resistance has taken shape.
Today, our producers Anna Sale and
Michael Simon Johnson go on the ground
in Minneapolis to capture that effort.
And our colleague Charles Homans
explains why the city has become ground
zero in the fight over the government's
deportation strategy.
It's Wednesday, January 21st.
[Music]
This is Michael Simon Johnson. I'm here
with New York Times reporter Charlie
Homans and we are
What neighborhood are we in actually? So
this is the Lyn-Lake area of
Minneapolis. We're in South Minneapolis
and it's named after this intersection
that we're standing at actually which is
Lyndale Avenue
and Lake Street. It's kind of the place
where sort of the recent waves of
immigrants and settled refugees and the
Minneapolis of the kind of white liberal
urban culture intersect. And those
groups have been kind of have been
brought together in an interesting way
by this ICE crackdown in the city.
I mean the thing that's different about
Minneapolis
compared to Chicago
or Los Angeles or other cities that have
been targets of this crackdown so far is
that it's a very small city. It doesn't
have that many people in it. And the
number of federal agents that have been
sent here is really quite huge. What
I've been hearing just talking to people
here is that
you know, in the last few weeks, you
know, people who are potential targets
of these raids have really felt like
they can't leave their homes at all.
And so
that has kind of become a focus of the
organizing of of a lot of these local
organizations and businesses which are
kind of gathering donations. So we're
about to go to one of these places. Tell
me about what this place is and then
what it's role is in the
in this kind of network that you're
talking about. Sure. So we're going to
go to Smitten Kitten which is a sex shop
on Lyndale here and it's been playing a
very interesting role kind of what's
been happening here lately.
Okay. Well, let's go inside.
So I'm Ann. I work here at the Smitten
Kitten for the past 2 years.
During the regular day, we are an adult
store. We really focus on trying to give
people like accurate information about
sex education. We also have stuff for
like every gender ever. Well, it it is
very striking that this is like a sex
shop, a really nice one, beautifully
laid out, but also at the front there's
this uh mutual aid mutual aid
>> Yeah, we're always doing mutual aid, but
we just expanded it and like imploded
ourselves with mutual aid basically.
Well, um let's let's go downstairs.
Yeah, sweet.
I'm now walking past the
sci-fi fantasy dildo section.
This is a lot. Yeah. It's It was 11
boxes which was kind of crazy. Lots of
boxes of diapers, lots of boxes of
formula,
wipes.
That's a huge problem.
Just so I have a sense, how many people
have come by today for example to like
pick up some
hundreds
Probably a thousand people over the past
couple of days.
>> But the the goods are moving. Like
you're not like
>> We're not sitting on it. It's got to go.
Yeah. It is insane the volume and the
urgency that we have been meeting people
with. They will be bringing their papers
into the store. They are afraid. They
are leaving their house to come here to
get resources even though they are at
risk for being picked up by ICE. And
they're all wanting to prove to me the
validity of that and I'm like I really
don't care like you don't have to tell
me because I know that the next person
behind you has the exact same story.
It's like there's no time to notice that
there's a dildo on the wall because like
your family is being torn apart. that
that's what's in this store. I'm curious
like what you think it says about sort
of Minneapolis right now that a shop
like this is kind of on the front lines
of the community response situation.
Sex workers and marginalized groups of
people, like that will radicalize you. I
really learned in the strip club that
everyone agrees with the revolution. We
just don't all have the same language to
talk about it. And I feel like we
inspired a bunch of other businesses to
be in taking in donations and like
distributing them to their neighbors.
And I've been telling people all day
long like the more spots that we can pop
up with resources, the harder time that
ICE is going to have keeping track of
where everyone is at because we've also
had ICE agents follow people from our
spot.
>> Wow, so they know. Yeah. What you're
describing is a at least city-wide
I don't know exactly what the right word
is. I don't know if it's like a
movement, I don't know if it's a
network, I don't know if it's like a
change in
>> a bunch of people realizing like oh,
they're really not coming.
Something that happened in 2020 was the
first time I realized like
my neighbor's house is on fire and the
fire department is not coming. So you
better find a garden hose. Like why am I
Ann Laymon at the Smitten Kitten doing
more than Jacob Frey? You you feel like
you're doing something that is far more
actionable, is having like immediate
direct I think that's why our [__] blew
up because they're like oh, look at
these people at the sex shop. Why are
they like I can't believe. I'm just some
kid. I love Elvira. Like I just watch
horror movies at home and listen to
Beyoncé.
[Music]
So that same day I went to the site
where two weeks earlier an ICE officer
had shot and killed a Minneapolis
resident Rene Good in the city's south
side.
I'm on the corner of Portland and 35th
on one end of the block and there is uh
there's a sign on this street that
someone posted.
It says visitor guide.
The block you are entering has become a
space of mourning. Remember, you are a
guest in this neighborhood. Take a deep
breath, drive slow, approach the space
with reverence, notify neighborhood
leaders of suspicious activity.
There's a lot of flowers, a lot of
flags, a lot of teddy bears.
There's a bunch of people that have made
a fire.
Car just pulled up
like driving down the block, stopped,
asked if these people need more firewood
for this fire
and dropped it off.
There were about a dozen people there.
Some people were staying for just a few
minutes, others were lingering. Why did
you choose to come here
today? Uh to bear witness to what
happened.
This is a city where people
there's a very strong sense of
community. There's a lot of political
involvement. People look after
their neighbors and things like that.
It's It's
It's not a faceless city.
I asked a woman who'd brought flowers
what she was feeling. You have a mixed
emotions because
you have just this heartbroken feeling
for the family cuz this did not have to
happen. But then you have this
hyper-vigilance
and you're watching every vehicle that
has tinted windows and seeing, you know,
it's like trying to pay your respects
but also trying to watch out like is
somebody going to come up here
and break us up? Like today, our
building um we have a cleaning lady and
I gave her a ride home today because I
was like do not stand at the bus stop
today. It's not safe anymore. So that's
so sad.
It's one of those things that it's if
you want to help out in any way or if
you need help, you know, all you have to
do is ask. But that's I mean that's what
the Twin Cities is like, you know. As I
was talking to people there, I got the
sense that residents were actively
looking for ways to show up for each
other. I saw strangers bringing each
other coffee, giving each other nods,
exchanging information.
There was one guy there named Nero who
seemed like he was sort of the
unofficial shepherd of the group. He was
tending to the fire and he was curating
the space as he said.
I've been hearing different anecdotes of
people. I mean, I know, you know, people
have the whistles but also people
dropping off mutual aid
related packages at like local stores.
Yeah, or specific places. People, you
know, it seems like people are
protecting our neighbors. Yeah. Yeah,
like kind of stepping up in a way. So
like I almost made me want to cry.
Uh
is I feel proud and happy to talk about
how people are pitching in and I'm sad
and hurt because of why we have to. We
shouldn't have to. You know?
[Music]
We we shouldn't have to do this.
And it's
I don't know what it's going to take,
man, but I'm I'm here. I'm in it. I'm
here.
And I'm going to be here.
[Music]
And Feely here. I'm a producer on The
Daily who also spent the weekend in
Minneapolis.
Along with the networks of activists,
mutual aid, and neighbors taking care of
neighbors,
there are people avoiding ICE because
they're afraid of getting detained or
deported.
Immigrants afraid of being targeted.
I talked to one of them.
We're calling her M.
Can you tell me about the moment that
you found out that ICE was coming to the
Twin Cities, to Minneapolis?
Yeah, so
it wasn't something that like changed
from like one day to another. I think it
was like a slow trickle of, "Hey, ICE
was spotted over in Richfield. Everybody
be careful."
And then it was
slowly and slowly more
agents are spotted here and someone was
taken. Avoid Lake Street. And then it
snowballed. And then you're really
noticing everybody's like, "There's ICE
agents here."
And you need to be In December, when ICE
really ramped up enforcement, M realized
she needed to make some changes and take
precautions. I start to strategize like
different routes to get to university,
different routes to get to work. And I
ended up
not going to the grocery anymore
at all. It's been a long time since I've
been at the grocery and I love a
grocery.
M actually can't be sure she's a target.
Her parents brought her to the US when
she was two. She's a DACA recipient. But
that feels very tenuous to her right
now.
Given how intense everything has been,
she worries.
It was kind of looking at what is the
busiest cross sections. Like, am I going
to be going by a high school or am I
going to be going by like a church? I
tend to avoid that area because you
never know. Are they going to set up by
a daycare? We have to consider that.
For a while, the plan was avoid risk,
lay low.
But over time that changed. She was
watching the raids, the arrests, and
then Renee Good was killed. It kind of
set something on fire for me.
The fear
became like resentment and became anger.
I was at school and you know, I was
talking to my colleagues, I was talking
to, you know, fellow students, and I
realized that like
these people have families, they're
teachers,
they're taking risks.
People are putting their lives on the
line who have children,
you know, who are, you know, loved ones,
you know, wives, you know, husbands.
And
as soon as I realized that like
everybody's taking a risk, you might as
well also take a risk for your
community.
Taking a risk meant that instead of
going out of her way trying to avoid
run-ins with ICE, she took routes where
she knew she might see them. So she
could alert activists on a Signal chat.
I would see suspicious vehicles and I'd
be like, "Hey, there's a weird vehicle
at the gas station at this cross
section. Just letting you guys know."
And you know, sometimes people ask of
you if you can like circle back.
And I was not able to. I was very
explicit. I was like, "I cannot turn
around, but here's the information."
And that felt okay. I'm like, "Here Here
you go. Hope for the best. Hope this
helps."
The network M is alerting on Signal when
she sees ICE.
I got in touch with some of the people
who are on the other end. These civilian
patrols that have proliferated in cities
like Minneapolis.
People showing up where ICE is.
I asked them if I could ride along to
get a sense of what they're doing and
what that's like right now.
Okay.
I met up with two of these activists,
Patty and Mitch, on Friday afternoon.
I came to their house on a block with
lots of cute bungalows. They met me at
the front door.
Hi.
But they stopped me before I came
inside. Just out of an abundance of
caution, would you mind verbally telling
me that you're not with ICE, CBP, or any
government agency and then show me your
press credentials? Yeah, I'm not with
ICE. Um here's my press credential.
Do you want to take a look? Yeah, I
appreciate it.
>> Yeah, of course. My name is Anna. It's
nice to meet you.
>> I'm Mitch.
>> Nice to meet you. After a few minutes,
we hopped into Mitch and Patty's car.
Mitch drove, Patty was in the front, me
in back.
Patty had brought along a small
notebook. And before we left, they
stopped to make sure they both had
everything,
especially their whistles. I have an
extra whistle. Oh my gosh, thank you.
Yeah.
How often do you guys use your whistles?
Um every time we see ICE. So that's been
probably almost every every time that
we've been out patrolling.
>> Mhm.
And you just you once you see it, is
that's when you start blowing?
Yeah, pretty much.
>> It's kind of been
uh
a somewhat informal but accepted like do
a little peep peep peep if like ICE is
around. And then if they're actually in
the process of
taking someone, if they're in the
process of a raid or something, blowing
the whistles a little bit harder to
really get their attention.
>> Do you feel like even when you're not
patrolling, do you hear whistles kind of
piping through the city? Yes, especially
in the last week and a half. I mean,
you'll just be
yeah, just in your house or running
errands or you'll hear whistles here and
there. You'll hear cars honking and
that's how you know ICE is out and
about.
>> Mhm.
They told me their goal today, and
really any patrol they go on, is to
document where ICE is, what they're
doing, who they're taking.
All as an act of resistance to show ICE
they want them out and they're watching.
I am connecting with our group chat to
get a sense of if there is any
particular part of the of South
Minneapolis where we should be looking
around for ICE. And actually Mitch, if
you could take a left here and go down
to Lake Street. Yep.
Patty told me people patrolling like
this coordinate through group Signal
chats. Usually they'll hop on a group
call to share information about where
ICE has been spotted, where they think
people should focus.
Hundreds of people can join these calls
and they don't necessarily know who else
is there.
On this day, Patty made it really clear
to everyone that I was in the car with
them, though I couldn't hear.
Everyone is very nervous about who might
get into these Signal chats and be
monitoring. It's a bit of a paranoia in
a hyper-vigilance that everybody in the
city has.
Just looking at basically any vehicle
with suspicion.
Uh it's put us all on edge and so
um it's not just driving around. It
didn't take long for them to spot a car
that to their eyes seemed suspicious. We
just pulled onto a side street. You just
slowed down the car you were looking.
Can you tell me what you're looking for?
Yeah, there's a black truck um that had
their lights on. They've got a grill
guard.
Uh we definitely have seen ICE agents in
a lot of like bigger vehicles.
And Patty, what are you doing? I am
writing down the license plate of this
car and I am going to
um ask for a plate check
on it.
So you're asking for a plate check.
Somebody who's in front of their
computer is going to run the plates and
um what are they looking for?
We're not exactly sure. What what we
know is that we can send the license
plate in the group chat and then someone
will check to see if it has been like a
license plate that is confirmed to have
been ICE. And it's deeply decentralized.
We have no idea who is running these
plate checks. After sending the plate
number to the group in Signal, Patty and
Mitch hear back very quickly. Absolutely
no clue. Got confirmed ICE for that. All
right, so we should loop back around and
uh
What should we do? Should I park on the
other side of the road from him so that
he doesn't feel that we're obstructing?
Yep, I think that's Mitch and Patty
drove around the block while wondering
what to do next.
In the time that took, people had
actually already started to gather in
the spot where they'd identified the
suspected ICE car. Look, there's already
a bunch of people here. There were more
than a dozen people. A neighbor peeking
out to see what was happening and a
gathering group of activists. Some in
cars, some on foot, some filming. Mitch
rolled down his window. You saw him go
in the house?
Got you. Got you. Got you. Word was the
agent had gone into this one house, but
people weren't sure.
So now everyone was just waiting to see.
Was ICE in there? What were they doing?
Do you want us to go check the alleyway?
Mitch and Patty pulled up near the alley
to watch the back of the house.
And just to say, this kind of waiting
can apparently take a very long time. I
talked to one woman who told me she'd
staked out an apartment building in this
way for about 4 hours.
Mitch and Patty told me this waiting can
make them feel very anxious.
Today, Patty said she was particularly
on edge. This was her first time out
doing this after getting detained about
a week earlier. So last Sunday, I was
with my friend Brandon and we were
responding to an ICE sighting um in my
neighborhood.
We followed them for about 40 seconds
and then they stopped their car,
got out of the car, and came and
surrounded us screaming at us to stop
following them. Patty says one of the
agents set off pepper spray so that it
would get pulled into her car's
ventilation system.
She tried to shut off her heat quickly,
but some got in. Her eyes and throat
started burning. Then, according to
Patty, agents then surrounded her. And
then proceeded to tell us that we were
under arrest, Mhm. took
um their in these instruments out of
their vests and smashed in um my front
two windows and dragged us out of the
car, um put us in handcuffs, and put us
each in separate vehicles.
What was going through your head when
that was all happening?
How are we getting arrested right now?
We didn't do anything wrong.
But we weren't committing any traffic
violations.
Uh so, it was like, how how can this be
happening right now? How am I in
handcuffs? How am I in the back of this
unmarked car?
Something that stood out from this story
and other things this past weekend is
just how unclear it is to the activists
what could get them in trouble,
detained, or arrested.
People seemed like they were trying to
figure out the rules in real time.
Is it blocking traffic? What's a safe
distance to follow a car if you think it
might be ICE?
As for Patty, whatever she'd done to get
detained, she didn't get charged with
anything. She was released later that
evening, and she still doesn't know why
they took her in.
Now, a few days later, here she was,
back out patrolling. About 20 minutes
after we started staking out this one
truck, this suspected ICE agent emerged.
This is him. He got in his car and
started driving. Do you want to start
following him?
>> Yeah.
Stay at a pretty safe safe distance.
>> Mhm. How are you guys feeling right now?
Um I am feeling a little nervous, but
also
um
also feeling like it's important that we
we stay out here, right? I think part of
it is just knowing that the point of the
arrests and the detentions
is to instill fear and is to deter
people from doing this important work.
From ICE's perspective, you're saying
point is to instill fear. I think so. I
think that ICE's point in making these
arrests and detaining people who are
then often times let out without
charges, like I was, is to, you know,
intimidate people and deter them from
doing this work. And to me, if they are
willing to go through the whole process
of trying to intimidate people like that
and use their resources that way, then I
think that that means that it's having
some sort of impact. So, I want to keep
showing up and doing everything that I
possibly can to, you know, gum up the
works.
For Patty and Mitch and the other
activists I talked to, two things are
true in Minnesota right now.
The last couple weeks have been scary as
things have escalated.
And at the same time,
the intensity of the response from ICE,
it feels like a confirmation
that they are making it harder for ICE
to do their job.
Otherwise, ICE wouldn't care so much.
So, their plan is to keep at it.
I think we should go up and check that
car, but
>> They're turning around. Do you want to
get their plate as well? Yeah.
Or you can read it to me and I'll write
it down.
>> Yeah, I'll I'll read it off to you.
[Music]
After the break, we talked to Charles
Homans about the situation on the ground
in Minneapolis and how Minneapolis
became ground zero for pushback against
ICE.
We'll be right back.
[Music]
Charlie, you are currently in
Minneapolis. That's also your hometown,
we should note. And you have spent a lot
of time recently with our producer
Michael, who we just heard from when you
were both covering the protests over the
weekend. And we just heard voices from
residents, some of whom you spoke with,
who are responding in real time,
sometimes in very personal and
precarious ways to federal officers. So,
I want to start by asking, why has this
federal force descended on the Twin
Cities specifically?
Well, the official Trump administration
explanation is this fraud scandal that's
been sort of building for a while that
does implicate a number members of the
Somali community
of Minneapolis. And
it's been a little hard to keep track of
why they're here because they've thrown
out a number of other reasons since then
having to do with the immigration
crackdowns in general that we've been
seeing, which have spanned Los Angeles,
Chicago, New Orleans, other cities. But
if you're the Trump administration and
you're looking to just arrest a lot of
undocumented immigrants,
Minneapolis is an odd choice because
it's still a largely white city that
doesn't have the sort of numbers that
you would have in California or Texas or
many other states, which has made it
pretty clear that a lot of the context
of the decision here likely has to do
with other factors. Mhm. Minnesota is
the state of Tim Walz, the vice
presidential candidate in 2024, who
Trump does seem to truly hate and vice
versa.
It's also a very liberal city in a state
that Trump has not ever won. He's
claimed that the election here has been
stolen from him several times without
any evidence. And it is just sort of a
state that embodies in many ways
ideas and people that he is really
staked his second presidency against.
Minneapolis, of course, is also, we
should note, the site of George Floyd's
murder and the eruption of protest that
obviously convulsed the country back in
2020.
That's right. Minneapolis was very
deeply affected by what happened here in
2020. Minneapolis is a very liberal
city, and a lot of people here were
extremely outraged over the murder of
George Floyd and broadly sympathetic to
the protests.
But they were also very directly
affected by, you know, the rioting that
followed some of these demonstrations,
and often lived in neighborhoods where,
you know, they saw people showing up in
masks to burn the police station and
things like that. So, it's left all of
these kind of divisions within what is
really like broadly a white liberal
city.
And, you know, when I've come back here
in years since then, you really see the
kind of long shadow of 2020
in Minneapolis. But what's been very
interesting being here over the past
week is that
you also see a lot of the legacy of that
in these kind of community structures
and just kind of an ethos that is being
applied to this current crisis in
Minneapolis.
A lot of the same relationships and
organizing ideas that people used to
respond to what was happening after
George Floyd, whether it was
coordinating protests or doing these
sort of neighborhood watches to keep
what people considered sort of bad
elements from, you know, causing trouble
on their block, a lot of that stuff is
being used now and sort of updated and
evolved ways in the response to the
federal deployment here. Mhm. It is
really interesting to think about how
what happened after George Floyd changed
the city in a way that is affecting the
response currently. But I want to also
acknowledge that while we are talking
about broad opposition to what the
federal government is doing, there are
also people who support what ICE is
doing, of course. I wonder how many of
those supporters you've actually
encountered on the ground. In
Minneapolis, very few. There are many
people here who view the fraud scandal
as, you know, genuinely appalling.
And there are certainly people who are
broadly supportive of removing
undocumented immigrants with criminal
records from the streets here as
elsewhere.
You don't hear those people talking
vocally in Minneapolis right now.
I think because the crackdown itself has
so visibly been sweeping up a pretty
wide range of people beyond the stated
targets of it, that has contributed to a
sense of real embattlement in
Minneapolis itself. Right, there have
been all these videos and images, some
very graphic and violent, of federal
agents detaining people, grabbing people
out of cars. We know in at least some
instances, folks that have been detained
by federal agents ended up being US
citizens. The video, of course, that has
gotten the most attention in recent days
is the footage of Renee Good being
fatally shot by an ICE officer a couple
weeks ago. That certainly infuriated
people all over the country and
mobilized people on the ground in
Minneapolis. Can you talk a little bit
about how that shooting changed things
on the ground in the Twin Cities? I
think that it made this much more direct
and personal for a lot of the people who
are involved in the response, many of
whom are white liberals from these sort
of South Minneapolis neighborhoods that
have been most galvanized by what's
happened. And, you know, it's a city
that has a long history of somewhat
impersonal
liberal activism on things like civil
rights
by kind of white liberals who don't
necessarily have a ton of skin in the
game themselves or particularly direct
relationships or even interactions with
people of color here.
And I do think that the shooting of
Renee Good changed that in a way. And
I've heard this from both people who are
involved in the activism here and also
some of the people who are immigrants
who are targets of these raids,
they recognize that something really
shifted with the shooting.
I wonder what you make of what we've
seen in Minneapolis the last couple
weeks just in total.
The stakes obviously feel very high.
We've all seen these incredibly violent
images.
But the weekend did not escalate, I
think, the way that a lot of people had
been worried about or may at least have
anticipated.
The federal government has also been
trumpeting its success in Minneapolis,
and there's this open question about
whether the president will invoke the
Insurrection Act. And basically there's
no sign that the feds are planning a
widespread pull back anytime soon.
So, I just wonder if you have any sense
from your reporting what to expect in
the coming days.
That, I think, is really the big
unanswered question, and you hear it
from people a lot. Like, there's a sense
that something really profoundly
different is happening here, that we're
sort of off the map of prior experience.
When I was in LA in in June when this
was happening there, there was certainly
a sense that oh, you know, these agents
are actually kind of making a lot of
just very opportunistic arrests. They're
not necessarily targeting people they
know have criminal records. They are
looking for a landscaping truck and then
just grabbing everybody on the
landscaping truck and seeing who they
have. And so, there was a very palpable
sense there that anybody could
be a target who wasn't immigrant or even
ethnically Latino or otherwise not
white. I think that what is different in
Minneapolis is that there is a more
pervasive sense that not just could
anybody in those categories be a target,
but that there's a good chance that
those people will be a target.
Because it's a small city, non-white
people here tend to be very visible
because it is a heavily white city.
And there are just so many federal
agents here. And so, there's a sense of
real vulnerability that feels different
from other places where these federal
raids have happened.
But I think the extent of what's
happened so far and the uncertainty
about what could happen from here has
led a lot of people to ask themselves
these real questions about how far
they're willing to go in the response
efforts here. You know, I've talked to
people who have said like, am I going to
need to start hiding people in, you
know, spare room in my house? I mean,
those are questions that people are
seriously
asking themselves and each other right
now.
And there is a real sense that this is
an important moment in history that's
unfolding, and how people respond to it
does have the ability to kind of direct,
you know, which direction
history goes from here.
[Music]
Charlie, thank you so much.
Thanks for having me.
[Music]
We'll be right back.
Here's what else you need to know today.
In a nearly two-hour speech to mark the
first anniversary of a second term in
office, President Trump listed a litany
of grievances and accomplishments that
wavered from his prowess as a Little
League player to complaints about
European allies.
He also said he'd learned that Renee
Good's father had been a Trump supporter
and said that he hoped that he still
was.
The administration has accused Good of
being a domestic terrorist.
And
the S&P 500 dropped more than 2% for the
first time since October as investors
reacted to President Trump's increasing
threat of higher tariffs on European
allies unless they supported his plans
for America to take control of
Greenland.
Tuesday's trading was the first chance
US markets had to react to the threats
that Trump made over the weekend when he
also declined to rule out the use of
military force to take over the country.
[Music]
Today's episode was reported and
produced by Anna Foley and Michael Simon
Johnson and produced by Caitlin O'Keefe,
Nina Feldman, and Rochelle Bonja with
help from Lindsey Garrison and Olivia
Nat.
It was edited by Patricia Willens, Devon
Taylor, MJ Davis Lynn, and Ben Calhoun.
Contains music by Marion Lozano, Alicia
Bitu, Pat McCusker, and Dan Powell, and
was engineered by Alyssa Moxley.
Special thanks to Vivian Yee.
[Music]
That's it for The Daily. I'm Rachel
Abrams. See you tomorrow.
[Music]